Fix - Update SDK docs (#1047)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: next/docs/iota-sdk/docs/how-tos/advanced-transactions/send-micro-transaction.mdx

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import TipFaucet from '../../_admonitions/_tip-faucet.md';

The IOTA SDK has a convenient
[`TransactionOption`](../../references/nodejs/interfaces/TransactionOptions/#allowmicroamount)
called [`allowMicroAmount`](../../references/nodejs/interfaces/TransactionOptions/#allowmicroamount) to help you easily
send amount below the minimum

> [storage deposit](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/storage-deposit/), or microtransaction.

Reviewer: amount below the minimum storage deposit == microtransaction I would say

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import TipFaucet from '../../_admonitions/_tip-faucet.md';

> In IOTA, any transaction with an amount that is below the minimum

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any transaction with an amount that is below the minimum
```

[storage deposit](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/develop/explanations/what-is-stardust/storage-deposit/) is considered a
microtransaction.

The IOTA SDK has a convenient

> [`TransactionOption`](../../references/nodejs/interfaces/TransactionOptions/#allowmicroamount)

Reviewer 2: Are these supposed to be the same link?

1. Create a wallet.
2. Get Alice's account which was [created in the first guide](../accounts-and-addresses/create-account.mdx).
3. Create the outputs for a microtransaction.
4. Send the microtransaction using the
   [`Account.send(SendParams, TransactionOption?)` function](../../references/nodejs/classes/Account/#send) with

>    the [`allowMicroAmount`](../../references/nodejs/interfaces/TransactionOptions/#allowmicroamount) `TransactionOption` set as `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Send the microtransaction using the
   [`Account.send(SendParams, TransactionOption?)` function](../../references/nodejs/classes/Account/#send) with
   the [`TransactionOption::allowMicroAmount`](../../references/nodejs/interfaces/TransactionOptions/#allowmicroamount) flag set to `true`.
```
